From the user's perspective, my program is a text-menu based calculator
that performs basic mathematical operations between two numbers.
The user first selects which operation they want to complete by typing
the corresponding integer. The user then enters the numbers to perform the operation on, 
in the desired order. The program continues to prompt the user for new calculations 
until the user types 0 as the operation integer to stop the program.

In the program, most tasks are completed using functions. The function
welcomeUser prints a welcome message, printMenu displays the text menu for the operations,
and there is a function that calculates the result of each mathematical operation.
The function printResult receives the operation integer and operands as arguments and uses a switch 
statement to print the result by calling the appropriate operation function.
If division by zero is attempted, then an error message is printed.
In the main function, the welcome message is printed. Then, an infinite
while loop with the condition 1 is used to reprompt the user until 0 is selected 
as the operation integer, which triggers a break statement that terminates the program.
If the user selects an appropriate operation integer, the program captures input
for the first and second number, and otherwise, it prints an error message
and reprompts the user. Finally, when all inputs are entered, the printResult function
is called and the answer is printed.

I verified that the output of the program is correct by first ensuring that
the correct results were printed for each operation using simple numbers.
I then tested decimal operands to ensure that the operations still worked properly, 
comparing results to answers from a calculator.
Then, I tested negative numbers and zero to see if they were handled appropriately.
I also tested division by zero to ensure that the error message is printed.
Finally, I tested inappropriate operation integers to ensure that the error message
is printed, and I also made sure that typing zero as the operation integer exits the program.
